hello everyone as you probably already know
I recently launched on my channel
crowdfunding campaign to collect
funds to buy a laptop for the channel
so that I could render the video in more
better quality from more over
lasting and so what am i for you
all gathered today for first for
order to tell you in principle
ended this whole company succeeded or
I could not collect on a laptop in
second to thank everyone
who took part in this difficult matter
and thirdly to announce
winners yes I ran there some
competition if you don't know that
review again
and perhaps begin in order
Interesting or I failed
raise money to buy a laptop before
managed even much more than me
assumed initially I assumed
somewhere 800 dollars, well, with a stretch so but
I counted more on 700 true in
end up at the moment I have a little
more than nine hundred so up laptop
be and apparently it will be some kind
such a more or less laptop and in many ways
this is your merit merit of my
followers thank you very much
all who took part somehow not
regardless of whether they threw off their volitional
money shared if you like some video
to any social network or just
put likes or even somewhere near
deep in my soul worried about me and
for my channel special thanks express
next people Dmitri incomparable
matrix from far 4 sanzhar amirkhan
Igor talk on ready dude from
bigtorrents.org
novel evgenjevich kris ayt kaliev jonibek
Pavel Ponomarev Mikhail Mikhailovich
efimenko pavel gadjet mania alexei
Stepanov Alexander Timonin a
subscriber from Uralsk
Alexander Pavlyuchenko athlete adik
Ruslan Boyky Sergey Kudrat
Ilya roosters and this is Mukhambetov Rinat
his novel in china alexander kites
maxim swamp
and many other people unfortunately
who could not introduce themselves and
I somehow can't find you by number
your kiwi so if i didn't call you
top please forgive me also separate
Thanks, I want to express my wife because
that she put up with me all this time
I was nervous
and of course a separate thanks
deserve my friends from the channel gadjet
mania
this is a paul from a parcel from china
tablets and phones
This is Sergey Nasedkin
called anyone and hopefully did not forget if
that the description will be a complete list of those
people who somehow helped me
if you want to get on this list
write me I will finish you if you suddenly
forgot of course as promised to everyone
those who throw off
from 10 to 20 dollars I promised to give
syma x5c quadcopter on the radio
and so it happened that im a bar of 10 dollars
Unfortunately no one was first mastered
many applicants I think that the ruble
40 to 60 is therefore of the odd
list almost all fell out
and to those people who threw from 20 to
30 and above dollars so I promised a smartphone
zt and about retirement and it happened that from 20 and
more than a dollar not throwing too no one
there are two people this pavlyuchenko
Alexander and from Mukhambetov Rinat so
it turned out that they threw the most money
and their sum is approximately equal however
rinat threw a little more so i
distributed the places as follows
i send alexander to syma x5c
White Mukhambetova Renata I will send
smartphone zt and about retirement and since so
it turned out that he threw the most
automatically he becomes a member
exclusive prize which includes
yourself participating in the news release
Chinese gadgets and hope for
next week this issue will see
light but that seems to be all
if for some reason you disagree
with the distribution of places or God forbid I
forgot to somehow turn you into
thanks list then please
write correct me about it in
comments don't forget to subscribe to
channel to keep abreast of all events
because now I have a laptop and
u should go out seemingly more often and
better thank you all for your attention
bye everyone